It's not your turn to handle it yet.
Didn't this person disturb the Tang Su couple's engagement party before?
Maybe she wants to protect him?
Who knows?
Big family thing.
It's a very chaotic river.
What's more, I think 90% of men and women's feelings are because of deep hatred.
He had an affair with this man.
Sumo Moon, this girl is good.
The party hasn t started yet, just kiss the Dragon King s family.
Instead, it's saving his brother's activities.
Cousin, what's this?
Does this trash need maintenance?
The Red Moon
I can handle this little thing.
The reason I told you not to let him handle you.
It s because I want to see a shameless person like you show up here.
Red moon, what are you talking about? Are you saying that the entire top floor of Tu Cat Van Dien is packed by you?
Send me the birthday user, do I have anyone else besides me?
It's shameless.
Let me tell you something.
The contractor here is the general director of Long Than Group.
His name is Deaf.
Don't tell me I saw him.
Just checking his information online is a small thing.
A small guard.
Dare to impersonate here.
You have the guts.
Deaf people, you'd better ask if I'm still married to the red world without you.
This makes you pretend.
You think that in your name and the Dragon God Group, you carry a death god that can arbitrarily climb your relatives.
Is it funny that I am To Thuan Trung and my dragon curse is not my home?
Ha ha ha ha ha
Stupid.
In your opinion, the boss is extremely mysterious.
Just my hero.
Moon, you are worthless, I don t blame you, I will give you a bigger surprise later.
Let me show you my power.
You're such a clown.
Someone ordered this fake for me.
The owner.
If you want to survive.
I advise you to think carefully before you act.
Who are you?
This man is the bodyguard.
Sing one and
Liar, who are you threatening?
You'll know soon enough.
The man at the door was very handsome.
It's not Mr. Long Nha, the president of Long Than Group.